# Frequently Asked Questions | fal.ai Docs


> Find answers to common questions about fal.ai, including file retention, commercial use, rate limits, charges for failed requests, and credit expiration.


# Frequently Asked Questions

### What is the retention policy for the files generated by fal.ai?

The files generated by fal.ai are guaranteed to be available for at least7 days. After that, they may be deleted at any time. We recommend that you download and store on your own storage any files that you want to keep for longer.

### Can I use the generated files for commercial purposes?

Each model has its own license. Most of the endpoints available at fal are available for commercial use. Check for the label on each model page:

- Commercial use: Commercial use is
allowed. Even when the underlying model is not open-source, if it’s marked
with this badge it means that fal has the necessary rights to provide the
service for commercial use.

- Research only: This model is available
for research purposes only. You can use the API to generate images for
research purposes, but you cannot use them for commercial purposes.

### Is there a rate limit?

The rate limit for the API is10 requests per secondper user, across all endpoints.

Note that we reserve the right to prioritize API requests over requests made through our Playground UI.

### Do you charge for failed requests?

Failures originated from our side, such as server errors or any HTTP status 5xx, are not charged. However, if the failure is due to an error in the request, such as an invalid input, which can result in HTTP status 422, the request will be charged.

### Do my credits expire?

Yes, the credits you purchase expire in 365 days. Free credits or credits from coupons expire in 90 days.

### Can I switch to an invoice-based payment?

Yes, we offer invoice-based payments for customers with higher volumes. Pleasecontact uswith information about your expected load.

### Do I pay for cold starts?

No, although cold start for our main endpoints is very rare, you will not be charged for them when they happen.

### Can I deploy my own models?

If you want access to deploy your a model for your private use to fal you need tocontact uswith information about the expected load for said model.

### Do you offer discounts?

Yes, we offer discounts for customers with higher volumes. Pleasecontact uswith information about your expected load.